Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Be more concerned with your character than with your reputation. Your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others thinkyou are.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?
Success is never final. Failure is never fatal. It is courage that counts.
Edison failed 10, 000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
Out of clutter, find Simplicity. From discord, find Harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies Opportunity.
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.
Work is 1% inspiration plus 99% transpiration
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
Belief creates the actual fact.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
The best way out is always through.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
We convince by our presence.
With self-discipline most anything is possible.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love.
Help us to be thankful for this day and every day and treat each one as a preciousgem to be filled to the full with meaning and with love.
Young people need models, not critics
Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Write while the heat is in you. The writer who postpones the recording of his thoughts uses an iron which has cooled to burn a hole with. He cannot inflame the minds of his audience.
Common sense is instinct. Enough of it is genius.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are rearranging theirprejudices.
There's no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love. There isonly a scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
The person who sends out positive thoughts activates the world around him positively and draws back to himself positive results.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
Had it not been for you, I should have remained what I was when we first met, a prejudiced, narrow-minded being, with contracted sympathies and false knowledge, wasting my life on obsolete trifles, and utterly insensible to the privilege of living in this wondrous age of change and progress.
To think clearly without hurry or confusion; To love everybody sincerely; To act in everything with the highest motives; To trust God unhesitatingly.
No one who lived through the Great Depression can ever look upon an unemployed person with anything but compassion. To me, there is no greater tragedy than a breadwinner willing to work, with a job skill but unable to find a market for that job skill. Back in those dark depression days I saw my father on a Christmas eve open what he thought was a Christmas greeting from his boss. Instead, it was the blue slip telling him he no longer had a job. The memory of him sitting there holding that slip of paper and then saying in a half whisper, 'That's quite a Christmas present,' it will stay with me as long as I live.
You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.
What I cannot love, I overlook
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
I want to continue my growth in every way.
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.
The world is not respectable; it is mortal, tormented, confused, deluded forever; but it is shot through with beauty, with love, with glints of courage and laughter; and in these, the spirit blooms.
All living souls welcome whatever they are ready to cope with; all else they ignore, or pronounce to be monstrous and wrong, or deny to be possible.
There is one quality which one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it.
At some point in your life, if you're lucky, you throw practicality to the wind and start living.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
My years in your service will always be very special to me. The inspiration you have given me will burn brightly in my heart long after I have left the lights of the White House behind.
Obstacles cannot crush me. Every obstacle yields to stern resolve. He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb.
Only through focus can you do world-class things, no matter how capable you are.
As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself.
Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy.
The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another, but above all try something.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
Hope is a waking dream.
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Worry not that no one knows of you; seek to be worth knowing.
People only see what they are prepared to see.
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
I do not think there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost everything, even nature.
Life is an opportunity, benefit from it. Life is a beauty, admire it. Life is a dream,realize it. Life is a challenge, meet it. Life is a duty, complete it. Life is a game,play it. Life is a promise, fulfill it. Life is sorrow, overcome it. Life is a song, singit. Life is a struggle, accept it. Life is a tragedy, confront it. Life is an adventure,dare it. Life is luck, make it. Life is life, fight for it!
Be vigilant; guard your mind against negative thoughts.
Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
The torpid artist seeks inspiration at any cost, by virtue or by vice, by friend or by fiend, by prayer or by wine.
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck.
The more you seek security, the less of it you have. But the more you seek opportunity, the more likely it is that you will achieve the security that you desire.
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
Only poetry inspires poetry.
By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.
To be conscious that we are perceiving or thinking is to be conscious of out own existence.
We do not yet trust the unknown power of thoughts
One never notices what has been done; one can only see what remains to be done.
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.
The day that you stop learning is the day that you start decreasing your rewards and start suffering from frustration and lower levels satisfaction.
She soars on her own wings.
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
We all at certain times in our lives find ourselves broken. True strength is found in picking up the pieces.
Watch your thoughts, they become your words Watch your words, they become your actions Watch your actions, they become your habits Watch your habits, they become your character Watch your character, it becomes your destiny.
Faith in something greater than ourselves enables us to do what we have said we'll do, to press forward when we are tired or hurt or afraid, to keep going when the challenge seems overwhelming and the course is entirely uncertain.
Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith.
To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are.
Leaders are readers, so lead oneself to read!
The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.
I can't think of better inspiration. It's right there. You're looking at it  this is what you work for. There's nothing else that needs to be said or heard.
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help.
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven.
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.
There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness.
Seek first to understand, then to be understood.
Life is 10% of what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it.
Love is the ultimate outlaw. It just won't adhere to any rules. The most any of us can do is sign on as its accomplice.
You are what you think. You are what you go for. You are what you do!
Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or who says it.
The person who risks nothing, does nothing, has nothing, is nothing, and becomes nothing. He may avoid suffering and sorrow, but he simply cannot learn and feel and change and grow and love and live.
Do not judge, and you will never be mistaken
You must rouse into people's consciousness their own prudence and strength, if you want to raise their character.
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, you'll find one at the end of your arm ... As you grow older you will discover that you have two hands. One for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
There is in the worst of fortune the best of chances for a happy change.
We should take inspiration from the sun and work constantly for the benefit of mankind,so that peace and prosperity prevails everywhere.
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
When your self-worth goes up, your net worth goes up with it.
Children will not remember you for the material things you provided but for the feeling that you cherished them.
Life is like a mirror. Smile at it and it smiles back at you.
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
It doesn't matter where you're coming from? all that matters is where you aregoing. You can't talk your way out of problems you behave yourself into.
Yesterday is history. Tommorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present.
You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
There never was a great soul that did not have some divine inspiration.
According to the laws of aerodynamics, the bumblebee can't fly either, but the bumblebee doesn't know anything about the laws of aerodynamics, so it goes ahead and flies anyway.
The only one thing I can change is myself, but sometimes that makes all of the difference.
Success is a welcomed gift for the uninhibited mind.
Where there is no struggle, there is no strength.
No one was ever great without some portion of divine inspiration
You have to decide what your highest priorities are and have the courage--pleasantly, smilingly, nonapologetically--to say 'no' to other things. And the way you do that is by having a bigger 'yes' burning inside. The enemy of the 'best' is often the 'good.'
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Success won't just come to you. It has to be met at least halfway.
You've got to follow your passion. You've got to figure out what it is you love--who you really are. And have the courage to do that. I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dreams.
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
Until a person can say deeply and honestly, I am what I am today because of the choices I made yesterday, that person cannot say, I choose otherwise.
This is my prayer for all of us; 'Lord, increase our faith.' Increase our faith to bridge the chasms of uncertainty and doubt. . . . Grant us faith to look beyond the problems of the moment to the miracles of the future. . . . Give us faith to do what is right and let the consequence follow.
Respect for self is the beginning of cultivating virtue in men and women.
The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.
No one wishes to be old until the chance to is taken away.
There isn't a person anywhere who isn't capable of doing more than he thinks he can.
Learn from others, as you would learn from your own mistakes.
You can't talk your way out of what you've behaved yourself into.
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak...sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
Readers are plentiful: thinkers are rare.
If you're young you are lucky. If you're are old you are even luckier!
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons.
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.
Service is what life is all about.
How different our lives are when we really know what is deeply important to us, and keeping that picture in mind, we manage ourselves each day to be and to do what really matters most.
The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.
Only after we can learn to forgive ourselves can we accept others as they are because we don't feel threatened by anything about them which is better than us.
Be righteous without being self-righteous.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
Begin with the end in mind.
What we do today, right now, Will have an accumulated effect on all our tomorrows.
I will! I am! I can! I will actualize my dream. I will press ahead. I will settle down and see it through. I will solve the problems. I will pay the price. I will never walk away from my dream until I see my dream walk away: Alert! Alive! Achieved!
There is no self-made man. You will reach your goals only with the help of others.
When we complain, we remain. When we whine, we stay behind. When we praise, we raise.
Never part without loving words to think of during your absence. It may be that you will not meet again in this life.
When faced with a tough choice, pause for a moment and think what your Mother would say about your decision.
Love and respect are the most important aspects of parenting, and of all relationships.
Ideas won't keep, something must be done about them.
If the ladder is not leaning against the right wall, every step we take just gets us to the wrong place faster.
They were awesome. I'm not going to come up with any excuses. They played very inspirational hockey tonight.
Why worry about tomorrow, when today is all we have?
If you don't like what you're doing, then don't do it.
It's energizing and inspirational just to spend an hour or two with you here.
Without inspiration the best powers of the mind remain dormant, there is a fuel in us which needs to be ignited with sparks.
Do not depend on an institution for your own happiness
There is the inspirational quality of live exhibits, ... One of the main reasons for aquariums to exist these days is to use that power of inspiration of living animals to motivate visitors to protect these animals in the world.
Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.
Criticism and pessimism destroy families, undermine institutions of all kinds, defeat nearly everyone, and spread a shroud of gloom over entire nations.
If I waited for inspiration every time I sat down to write a song I probably would be a plumber today.
Ignorance is the enemy.
The inspiration for this was my son, who's 18, ... I was playing some old Sun Records, and he and his friends rushed into the room and loved it. I thought that if I did a Sun tribute record I could get more young people to listen to it.
There are winners, there are losers and there are people who have not yet learned how to win.
The opponents and I are really one. My strength and skills only half of the equation. The other half is theirs. An opponent is someone whose strength joined to yours creates a certain result.
Great minds have purposes; others have wishes.
Why do we love the sea? It is because it has some potent power to make us think things we like to think.
I need no inspiration other then Nature's. She has never failed me yet. She mystifies me, bewilders me, sends me into ecstasies. Besides God's handiwork, does not man's fade into insignificance?
We animals spend most of our lives quarrelling over where we are going in the next life while all the other animals are enjoying this one.
Obviously, she's been a huge inspiration to the team because we all knew and thought coming out of high school she would be in a different kind of situation being able to contribute and be a part of the program, as far as being on the court. After the accident, and the rehabilitation she had to go through, I think the players really saw her continue to make progress over the years. She never quit, she never felt bad for herself.
Joseph's strength is his personal love of style. He's an inspiration to ordinary guys. Style isn't about good looks or money; it's about how you put things together.
Where there is passion, there is no need for motivation.
Behold the turtle.  He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out.
Life isn't about how to survie the storm, but how to dance in the rain.
For anything worth having one must pay the price; and the price is always work, patience, love, self-sacrifice
We take as much inspiration from what he's doing and how he's handling it as he takes from the club.
Because I am a woman, I must make unusual efforts to succeed. If I fail, no one will say, She doesn't have what it takes. They will say, Women don't have what it takes.
What you see depends on what you're looking for.
The ultimate inspiration is the deadline.
Quality is everyone's responsibility.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles with it.
When you are kind to someone, you hope they'll remember and be kind to someone else and it will become like wildfire.
We are not held back by the love we didn't receive in the past, but by the love we're not extending in the present.
The best investment anyone can ever make is an investment in oneself!
Your love for yourself is the bedrock that your entire foundation stands upon.
When inspiration does not come, I go for a walk, go to the movie, talk to a friend, let go . . .  The muse is bound to return again, especially if I turn my back!
The stone that the builder refused, will always be the head cornerstone.
This cause will roll on in majesty and power to fill the earth. Doors now closed to the preaching of the gospel will be opened. The Almighty, if necessary, may have to shake the nations to humble them and cause them to listen to the servants of the living God. Whatever is needed will come to pass.
Accept yourself as you are. Otherwise you will never see opportunity. You will not feel free to move toward it; you will feel you are not deserving.
They got together and said they were going to do it for her. She was our inspiration, that's for sure.
She who does not yet know how to walk cannot climb a ladder.
Everything is okay in the end, if it's not ok, then it's not the end.
To see takes time, like to have a friend takes time.
Just tell yourself, Duckie, you're really quite lucky!
That's all nonviolence is - organized love.
. . . inspiration never arrived when you were searching for it.
When inspiration does not come, I go for a walk, go to the movie, talk to a friend, let go... The muse is bound to return again, especially if I turn my back!
If nature made you a giver, your hands are born open, and so is your heart. And though there may be times when your hands are empty, your heart is always full, and you can give things out of that.
Give your work 100% but save the rest for yourself, friends and family
Nobody deserves your tears, but whoever deserves them will not make you cry.
However well organized the foundations of life may be, life must always be full of risks
If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgment.
Absence of gratitude is the mark of the narrow, uneducated mind. It bespeaks a lack of knowledge and the ignorance of self-sufficiency. It expresses itself in ugly egotism and frequently in wanton mischief. We have seen our beaches, our parks, our forests littered with ugly refuse by those who evidently have no appreciation for their beauty. I have driven through thousands of acres of blackened land scourged by a fire evidently set by a careless smoker whose only concern had been the selfish pleasure gained from a cigarette.
Be confident small immortals. You are not the only voice that all things utter, nor is there eternal silence in the places where you cannot come.
If you have integrity, nothing else matters. If you don't have integrity, nothing else matters.
No good deed goes unpunished.
Being considerate of others will take your children further in life than any college degree.
We should take inspiration from learned-people and sages and put them into practice.
Inspiration is needed in geometry, just as much as in poetry.
Your life is your message to the world. Make it inspiring.
One sees great things from the valley; only small things from the peak.
Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children.
Technique is what you fall back on when you run out of inspiration
Win win agreements are tremendously liberating. But as the product of isolatedtechniques, they won't hold up. Even if you set them up in the beginning, there isno way to maintain them without personal integrity and a relationship of trust.
The moment of victory is much too short to live for that and nothing else.
Oh, love is real enough; you will find it someday, but it has one archenemy - and that is life.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home.
Many people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could.
Expect the people you love to be better. It helps them to become better. But don't get upset when they fail. It helps them keep trying.
You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world.
see without looking, . . . hear without listening, . . . breathe without asking.
Remember, we all stumble, every one of us. That's why it's a comfort to go hand in hand.
You don't just stumble into the future. You create your own future.
“You can find the true joy of giving reflected in the eyes of the recipient”
“Today is tomorrow's yesterday and the day yesterday never knew”
“Take time to recharge your batteries. It’s hard to see where you’re going when your lights are dim”
“It’s hard when others demand too much from you. It’s even harder when you demand too much from yourself”
Do what you say so others will say what you do.
Tomorrow is another day.
Whatever our calling, regardless of our fears or anxieties, let us pray and then go and do.
When I look upon the faces of intelligent beings I look upon the image of the God I serve. There are none but what have a certain portion of divinity within them; and though we are clothed with bodies which are in the image of our God, yet this mortality shrinks before that portion of divinity which we inherit from our Father.
Never be afraid to try, remember...Amateurs built the ark, Professionals built the Titanic.
Do not stand on a high pedestal and take 5 cents in your hand and say, here, my poor man, but be grateful that the poor man is there, so by making a gift to him you are able to help yourself.It is not the reciever that is blessed, but it is the giver.Be thankful that you are allowed to exercise your power of benevolence and mercy in the world, and thus become pure and perfect.
The deeper that sorrow carves into your being, the more joy you can contain.
There is no such thing as supernatural or miracle, just something that is still beyond logic of the observer.
Think it more satisfactory to live richly than die rich.
Most of us who turn to any subject we love remember some morning or evening hour when we got on a high stool to reach down an untried volume, or sat with parted lips listening to a new talker, or for very lack of books began to listen to the voices within, as the first traceable beginning of our love.
In our world where everything is a number, struggle to be a plus to anybody, rather than a minus.
It is only as we develop others that we permanently succeed.
The only way to see a rainbow is to look through the rain.
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
Fear less, hope more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Hate less, love more; And all good things are yours.
The only thing better than fixing someone else's problem, is doing it without complaint.
One of the bellwether marks of the growth and vitality of the Church is the construction of temples. . . . We will keep on working to bring the temples to the people, making it more convenient for Latter day Saints everywhere to receive the blessings which can only be had in these holy houses.
The supreme prayer of my heart is not to be learned, rich, famous, powerful, or good, but simply to be radiant. I desire to radiate health, cheerfulness, calm courage, and good will. I wish to live without hate, whim, jealousy, envy, fear. I wish to be simple, honest, frank, natural, clean in mind and clean in body, unaffected, as ready to say I do not know, if it be so, and to meet all men on an absolute equality, to face any obstacle and meet every difficulty unabashed and unafraid. I wish others to live their lives, too - up to their highest, fullest, and best. To that end I pray that I may never meddle, interfere, dictate, give advice that is not wanted, or assist when my services are not needed. If I can help people, I'll do it by giving them a chance to help themselves; and if I can uplift or inspire, let it be by example, inference, and suggestion, rather than by injunction and dictation. That is to say, I desire to be radiant - to radiate life.
There will always be "petty tyrants" who are more interested in what time you came to work than what you did while you were there."  "And, you will not find them after 5 p.m. to bother you
Only those who respect the personality of others can be of real use to them
A few observation and much reasoning lead to error; many observations and a little reasoning to truth.
We could not have asked for a more inspirational partner to create an equally inspirational and entertaining DVD series.
There is never jealousy where there is not strong regard
The talent is there, but the players must be reminded that success is only one per cent inspiration and 99 per scent perspiration.
Love is pure like the fresh fallen snow unencumbered by yesterday's debris.
The world itself is a great teacher, a constant guide and inspiration. That is the reason why man is surrounded and sustained by the world.
Refrain from entering a profession where you are selling your time; as you will never receive fair value in return.
It is love alone that gives worth to all things
I love inspiring people, and if I can make a difference in one person's life, then that's success for me!
You must learn from the mistakes of others. You can't possibly live long enough to make them all yourself.
I want "more" of "less".
Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests.
To give real service you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, and that is sincerity and integrity.
Let my name stand among those who are willing to bear ridicule and reproach for the truth's sake, and so earn some right to rejoice when the victory is won.
True leaders are a threat to average leaders and managers because they rattle their cages!
Where there is love there is life.
Cease trying to work everything out with your minds. It will get you nowhere. Live by intuition and inspiration and let your whole life be Revelation.
Sometimes it is best to take time to be quiet!
Success is restricted only from those who restrict themselves from success.
To motivate man is to move a mountain!
Of all the possible avenues of life there are to live for, complacency should be viewed as the switch that killed the will to build.
Jazz is a music that translates the moment into a sense of inspiration for not only the musicians but for the listeners.
Keep in mind that the true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.
The groups, though, were my inspiration way back then. I liked Frankie Lyman and the Teenagers.
There are Many things that I would Like to say to you But I Don't know How.
To be alive is a fine thing. It is the finest thing in the world, though hazardous. It is a unique thing. It happens only once in a lifetime. To be alive, to know consciously that you are alive, and to relish that knowledge - this is a kind of magic. Or it may be a kind of madness, exhilarating but harmless.
Take heed you do not find what you do not seek.
Not what I have, but what I do is my kingdom.
John was an inspiration for me so I wanted to take the number, ... I owe a lot to him.
To judge individuals before understanding them is a form of human rejection andfeeds upon itself.
Unswerving loyalty to duty, constant devotion to truth, and a clear consciencewill overcome every discouragement and surely lead the way to usefulness andhigh achievement.
Here is the secret of inspiration: Tell yourself that thousands and tens of thousands of people, not very intelligent and certainly no more intelligent than the rest of us, have mastered problems as difficult as those that now baffle you
Zeal without knowledge is the sister of folly.
I like a person who knows his own mind and sticks to it; who sees at once what, in given circumstances, is to be done, and does it.
I can usually judge a fellow by what he laughs at.
Though I may deny poets their monopoly on inspiration, I still place them in a select group of Fortune's darlings.
There are no extra pieces in the universe. Everyone is here because he or she has a place to fill, and every piece must fit itself into the big jigsaw puzzle.
You can if you think you can.
I think it was a huge inspiration. The next morning, we were all walking tall.
She's made a complete turnaround the last three weeks. I couldn't believe it, ... She's a big inspiration.
As for myself, I always willingly acknowledge my own self as the principal cause of every good and of every evil which may befall me; therefore I have always found myself capable of being my own pupil, and ready to love my teacher.
To be pleased with one's limits is a wretched state.
What a great inspiration she is to us all.
Great men will deliver messages of Universal Significance.
Rule your mind or it will rule you
Human beings have an infinite capacity for two things: giving and love. Do you think Mother Teresa ever ran out of love and care to give to the sick and the destitute? At nearly 85 years of age, and with a weak heart, she was still out there giving; traveling and speaking, caring and working as she had been every day since she was a novice. Thats because giving nourishes and replenishes the giver. Taking depletes us and burns us out.
Stay the course, light a star,Change the world where'er you are.
I am because someone dreams me; a man who sleeps and dreams and sees me acting, living and moving  and who is dreaming at this moment as I am speaking to you. When he dreams, I awake to life; when he awakes, my existence vanishes. I am a whim of his inspiration, a creation of his mind, a visitor in his nightly fantasies.
The veil of confusion gently falls away,Like the dank mist on a dull autumn day.Revealing the path that lies there before me,To step forward or not, what will it be?
Inspirations never go in for long engagements; they demand immediate marriage to action.
The best thing for being sad, replied Merlyn, beginning to puff and blow, is to learn something. That is the only thing that never fails. You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love, you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for it then to learn. Learn why the world wags and what wags it. That is the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting.
When inspiration does not come, I go for a walk, go to the movie, talk to a friend, let go . . . The muse is bound to return again, especially if I turn my back!
I learned from working around the working man, ... I worked around people who had a hard time. A whole lot of my inspiration just came off of growing up around a small town and the things we did. I used to talk a lot with my grandparents about those things. I read lots of books. Every little thing came across as inspiring.
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness, that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you NOT to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It is not just in some of us, it is in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
The bridges you cross before you come to them are over rivers that aren't there.
Chance favors only the prepared mind.
Don’t postpone joy. - Bumper Sticker
If you refuse to accept anything but the best, you’ll get the best. Begin to live as you wish to live.
Some people are moulded by their admirations, others by their hostilities.
One who makes no mistakes never makes anything.
It is not what you do that matters it is what you don't do that really matters at the end of the day.
At the moment of commitment, the universe conspires to assist you.
Don't ask, don't tell. Everything lies in silence.
You have to have a darkness...for the dawn to come.
You don't drown by falling in water. You drown by staying there.
When your dreams turn to dust, vacuum.
The poor, the unsuccessful, the unhappy, the unhealthy are the ones who use the word tomorrow the most.
Rise O fallen fighters, rise and take your stance again, He who fight and run away, Live to fight another day!
Anything is Possible!!!
If you don't risk anything, you risk even more.
I am personally convinced that one person can be a change catalyst, a transformer in any situation, any organization. Such an individual is yeast that can leaven an entire loaf. It requires vision, initiative, patience, respect, persistence, courage, and faith to be a transforming leader.
Infinite power of the spirit, brought to bear upon matter evolves material development, made to act upon thought evolves intellectuality, and made to act upon itself makes of man a God. First, let us be Gods, and then help other to be GOds. Be and Make. Let this be our motto.
What is, is
He's an inspiration to the other players trying to follow in Andy's footsteps,
I'm hoping I'm going to find a little inspiration out there. My last year and a half, I haven't had as much fun as I would have liked.
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven.
Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat.
Give light and people will find the way.
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.
God sleeps in the minerals, awakens in plants, walks in animals, and thinks in man.
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Happiness is the natural flower of duty.
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years.
Ideas shape the course of history.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder.
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm.
Let each man exercise the art he knows.
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Plant thy foot firmly in the prints which His foot has made before thee.
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
Tears of joy are like the summer rain drops pierced by sunbeams.
The essential elements of giving are power and love - activity and affection - and the consciousness of the race testifies that in the high and appropriate exercise of these is a blessedness greater than any other.
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
Think with your whole body.
When deeds speak, words are nothing.
You change your life by changing your heart.
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.